Parser Specification Ambiguities

Paragraph : 4
Problem   : It is not specified whether keywords can be used as identifiers.
Solution  : It is uncommon for languages to allow such so we will not allow keywords as identifiers. 

Paragraph : 7
Problem   : It is not specified whether an integer can begin with a sequence of 0’s.
Solution  : Some languages like C, use a leading 0 to denote an octal integer, rather than being equivalent to the same integer without the leading 0, and as such we will not be accepting leading 0’s.

Paragraph : 7
Problem   : It is not specified exactly what the underscore means in the rational literal, so it is unclear whether the program will accept multiple underscores.
Solution  : We will assume the underscore is in place for the use of mixed fractions, where the integer before the underscore is the whole part of the fraction, and the part after the underscore is the fraction.

Paragraph : 9
Problem   : It is not clear whether aggregate data types allow aggregate data types nested within them, other than the example given when declared as a top.
Solution  : We will be allowing nested aggregate data types as most programming languages allow it.

Paragraph : 14
Problem   : It is not specified whether or not a function may have local variable declarations without any statements or to be completely empty.
Solution  : An empty function serves no purpose so it will not be allowed.

Paragraph : 18
Problem   : It is not clear whether the keyword NOP can be used explicitly as a function statement.
Solution  : To create what would effectively be an empty if-else statement (to circumvent the solution to paragraph 19’s ambiguity) one could simple use NOP as the statement body. Since it has a potentially useful niche role we will allow it.

Paragraph : 19
Problem   : It is not stated whether or not the sub statements in if statements and loops may be empty.
Solution  : One of the test cases does not allow an empty else clause and so we will not allow empty if-then clauses or loops.

Paragraph : 20
Problem   : It is not specified whether or not main functions may include function definitions.
Solution  : This could serve to limit the scope of certain functions and so has a niche usage. We will allow this.

Paragraph : 20
Problem   : It is not specified whether or not functions may include function/type definitions or aliases.
Solution  : These might as well be global so we will not allow it.


